think if it Fernando toys will win it I
think that if if if he keeps himself fit
you would have to back win Rooney
because I think he's I think he's got a
great chance and he's got good players
around him and he knows what and I know
he's hungry for it and I think that you
know the fact that he hasn't been
playing a lot for rink it was a
Manchester United ill of a sort of
wetted his appetite for it and he'd be
fit and ready to go and and if any could
just we could win the gold boot well if
it's Aras is fair thinks our eyes is
going to be tough to be back I've got a
bit of a sneaking suspicion that Diego
Forlan might get a few girls he's he's
in a bit of form at the moment if you
there's always one come to that comes
from nowhere and you know uruguay they
could get a run to go if Uruguay you
know gets the quarter-finals he could
score you know four or five goals and
he's done a bit for misny fallen mom
well this is a bit of a homer and I
think maybe the bookies will take a lot
of a lot of punts and then I'm going to
go for Rooney I think I Rooney has been
in the same kind of form four months of
tinnitus as he was at euro 2004 when he
was unstoppable if he gets over the
injuries the little run of injuries he's
had recently I think he's going to be
unstoppable in this tournament until the
quarterfinals but I think he's going to
rack up enough goals to be the golden
boot by then difficult one really after
I think if they stay in the competition
long enough Lionel Messi could be there
or there about scored goals unbelievable
amount of goals this season if they stay
in the competition long enough so they
play enough games I can sort see him
scoring plenty of goals I really hope
that by this time next year he's called
Sir Frank Lampard I'd love to think
Frank Lampard will score six or seven
goals from midfield it's done it for
Chelsea all season why shouldn't do in
the world cup that would be lovely I
think the Golden Boot winner may not go
on to win the World Cup this this am I
think David via given they're given
their group I think he'll score bundles
in the first phase for Spain I'm not
necessarily sure whether they'll go on
to win the tournament they faltered last
summer in the Confederations Cup I think
there are some very good young players
coming on
in in the African nations for example I
think we have to watch out for a couple
of those but for me it will be Messi's
tournament it will be vias tournament
and I I hope having said the England
will struggle I hope it's Wayne Rooney's
tournament and I hope the person they're
talking about for the world player of
the year in 2010 is Wayne Rooney I
really really hope